README.md, before:

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=008000&height=120&section=header" />
<h3 align="center">
<img
  width="100%"
  src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Press+Start+2P&size=38&pause=1000&color=00FF00&center=true&vCenter=true&width=1100&lines=Hey!+I'm+Stephanie+Gurgel.;I'm+a+Backend+Developer."
  alt="typing-banner"
/>
  <br>
</h3>
<br>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=rect&color=003300&height=2"/>

<br>

<p align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/About_me.gif" width="180px" />
<br>

### 🟢 Introduction

I’m a **backend developer specialized in Java and Spring Boot**, with a strong focus on designing **secure, scalable, and maintainable APIs**. I follow best practices such as **Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)**, **Clean Code**, **SOLID principles**, **Test-Driven Development (TDD)**, and **Domain-Driven Design (DDD)** to deliver solutions that are robust and easy to extend.  

I have solid experience in **API security**, including JWT with HttpOnly cookies, rate limiting, brute-force protection, and NoSQL injection prevention. I also work with **Dockerized environments** and have hands-on experience with both **relational databases (PostgreSQL)** and **NoSQL databases (MongoDB)**.  

While Java and Spring Boot are my main stack, I also work with **Python and Django**, as well as **Node.js and Express.js**, especially for building RESTful APIs and integrating external services.  

On the frontend side, I have experience with **React, Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS**, which helps me collaborate effectively in cross-functional teams and better understand the connection between frontend and backend.  

I’m fluent in **Portuguese** and have advanced proficiency in **English, German, and Italian**. I’m constantly learning, experimenting, and refining my skills to build backend systems that are **clean, efficient, and aligned with modern standards**.  

<br>

### 🌱 What I'm Currently Learning  

In my current project, I’m diving deeper into **security, architecture, and backend design** using **DDD + Clean Architecture**.  
Some of the key topics I’m focusing on include:  

- 🔐 **Custom policies & permissions** · managing public and private routes with role-based access (`ADMIN`, `USER`, `PUBLIC`) and dynamic CORS integration.  
- 🔄 **Layer mappers** · creating clear mappings between entities, DTOs, and responses to ensure proper separation of concerns.  
- 🛡️ **Advanced authentication & authorization** · implementing **OAuth**, **RSA tokens with padding**, and fine-grained role/permission management at the endpoint level.  
- ⚡ **Custom exceptions & aspects (AOP)** · centralized error handling, logging, and validation powered by cross-cutting concerns.  
- 🧩 **Custom annotations** · adding domain-specific rules and security constraints directly through annotations for better readability and maintainability.  
- ⚙️ **Caching strategies** · applying cache techniques to improve performance and scalability in backend systems.  

✨ This project is helping me strengthen my skills in building **robust, secure, and scalable backends**, while following **Clean Code, SOLID principles, and domain-driven design practices**.

<br>

[![HackerRank](https://img.shields.io/badge/HackerRank-gurgeldev-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackerrank&logoColor=black)](https://www.hackerrank.com/gurgeldev)  
[![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-steph7478-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=black)](https://leetcode.com/u/steph7478/)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-gurgeldev@outlook.de-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=black)](mailto:gurgeldev@outlook.de)  
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-gurgeldev.vercel.app-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=black)](https://gurgeldev.vercel.app/)  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Stephanie%20Gurgel-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=black)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gurgel-dev/)

</p>

<br>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=rect&color=003300&height=2"/>

<br>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/Technologies.gif" width="250px" align="left" />
<br>

<p align="right">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/cat.png" width="35%" align="right" />
</p>

<div align="left" >

### 💚 **Languages**

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=4CAF50)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=4CAF50)

### ✅ **Frontend**

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=4CAF50)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=4CAF50)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Styled Components](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styled_Components-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=4CAF50)
![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Query-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-query&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Axios](https://img.shields.io/badge/Axios-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=axios&logoColor=4CAF50)

### 🐍 **Backend & Data**

![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=4CAF50)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=4CAF50)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=4CAF50)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=jsonwebtokens&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swagger-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=66BB6A)

### 🟩 **Tools**

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=4CAF50)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=4CAF50)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Oracle Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle_Cloud-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=F80000)
![Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stripe-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=stripe&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Vitest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vitest-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=vitest&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=4CAF50)
![JUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/JUnit-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=junit5&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Mockito](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mockito-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=mockito&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=trello&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Scrum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scrum-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=scrumalliance&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Kanban](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kanban-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=kanban&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=4CAF50)

### 🍃 **APIs**

![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=api&logoColor=4CAF50)

</div>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=rect&color=003300&height=2"/>

<br>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/status.gif" width="300px" />
</p>

<br>

<div align="center">
  <img 
    src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Steph7478&hide_border=true&background=0d1117&ring=00FF00&fire=00FF00&currStreakLabel=00FF00&currStreakNum=00FF00&sideLabels=00FF00&dates=00FF00&sideNums=00FF00" 
    width="440px" 
    alt="GitHub Streak"
  />
</div>

<br>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/wakatime.png" width="700px" />
</p>


[![Steph7478's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Steph7478&bg_color=0d1117&color=00ff41&line=00ff41&point=00ff41&area=true&area_color=00ff41&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)

<br>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/output/pacman-contribution-graph-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
  <img alt="pacman contribution graph" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
</picture>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=008000&height=120&section=footer" />

Commit message:

Revise introduction and add new skills
Updated skills and technologies in the introduction section, added C# and ASP.NET Core, and refined language for clarity.

README.md, after:

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=008000&height=120&section=header" />
<h3 align="center">
<img
  width="100%"
  src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Press+Start+2P&size=38&pause=1000&color=00FF00&center=true&vCenter=true&width=1100&lines=Hey!+I'm+Stephanie+Gurgel.;I'm+a+Backend+Developer."
  alt="typing-banner"
/>
  <br>
</h3>
<br>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=rect&color=003300&height=2"/>

<br>

<p align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/About_me.gif" width="180px" />
<br>

### 🟢 Introduction

I’m a backend developer specialized in **Java** and **Spring Boot**, with a strong focus on designing **secure**, **scalable**, and **maintainable APIs**. I follow best practices such as **Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)**, **Clean Code**, **SOLID principles**, **Test-Driven Development (TDD)**, and **Domain-Driven Design (DDD)** to deliver solutions that are **robust** and easy to extend.

I have solid experience in **API security**, including **JWT with HttpOnly cookies**, **rate limiting**, **brute-force protection**, and **NoSQL injection prevention**. I also work with **Dockerized environments** and have hands-on experience with both **relational databases (PostgreSQL)** and **NoSQL databases (MongoDB)**.

My main stack is **Java + Spring Boot**, and my second stack is **C# + ASP.NET Core**, giving me versatility to work in both **Java** and **.NET ecosystems**. I also work with **Python/Django** and **Node.js/Express.js**, especially for building **RESTful APIs** and integrating external services.

On the frontend side, I have experience with **React**, **Next.js**, **TypeScript**, and **Tailwind CSS**, which helps me collaborate effectively in cross-functional teams and better understand the connection between **frontend** and **backend**.

I’m fluent in **Portuguese** and have advanced proficiency in **English**, **German**, and **Italian**. I’m constantly **learning**, **experimenting**, and **refining my skills** to build **backend systems** that are **clean**, **efficient**, and aligned with **modern standards**.

<br>

### 🌱 What I'm Currently Learning  

In my current project, I’m diving deeper into **security, architecture, and backend design** using **DDD + Clean Architecture**.  
Some of the key topics I’m focusing on include:  

- 🔐 **Custom policies & permissions** · managing public and private routes with role-based access (`ADMIN`, `USER`, `PUBLIC`) and dynamic CORS integration.  
- 🔄 **Layer mappers** · creating clear mappings between entities, DTOs, and responses to ensure proper separation of concerns.  
- 🛡️ **Advanced authentication & authorization** · implementing **OAuth**, **RSA tokens with padding**, and fine-grained role/permission management at the endpoint level.  
- ⚡ **Custom exceptions & aspects (AOP)** · centralized error handling, logging, and validation powered by cross-cutting concerns.  
- 🧩 **Custom annotations** · adding domain-specific rules and security constraints directly through annotations for better readability and maintainability.  
- ⚙️ **Caching strategies** · applying cache techniques to improve performance and scalability in backend systems.  

✨ This project is helping me strengthen my skills in building **robust, secure, and scalable backends**, while following **Clean Code, SOLID principles, and domain-driven design practices**.

<br>

[![HackerRank](https://img.shields.io/badge/HackerRank-gurgeldev-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackerrank&logoColor=black)](https://www.hackerrank.com/gurgeldev)  
[![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-steph7478-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=black)](https://leetcode.com/u/steph7478/)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-gurgeldev@outlook.de-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=black)](mailto:gurgeldev@outlook.de)  
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-gurgeldev.vercel.app-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=black)](https://gurgeldev.vercel.app/)  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Stephanie%20Gurgel-%23009900?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=black)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gurgel-dev/)

</p>

<br>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=rect&color=003300&height=2"/>

<br>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/Technologies.gif" width="250px" align="left" />
<br>

<p align="right">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/cat.png" width="35%" align="right" />
</p>

<div align="left" >

### 💚 **Languages**

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=4CAF50)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=4CAF50)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=4CAF50)

### ✅ **Frontend**

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=4CAF50)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=4CAF50)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Styled Components](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styled_Components-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=4CAF50)
![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Query-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-query&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Axios](https://img.shields.io/badge/Axios-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=axios&logoColor=4CAF50)

### 🐍 **Backend & Data**

![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=4CAF50)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=4CAF50)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=4CAF50)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=jsonwebtokens&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swagger-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=66BB6A)
![ASP.NET Core](https://img.shields.io/badge/ASP.NET_Core-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=asp.net&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Entity Framework Core](https://img.shields.io/badge/Entity_Framework_Core-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=entity-framework&logoColor=4CAF50)

### 🟩 **Tools**

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=4CAF50)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=4CAF50)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Oracle Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle_Cloud-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=F80000)
![Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stripe-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=stripe&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Vitest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vitest-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=vitest&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=4CAF50)
![JUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/JUnit-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=junit5&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Mockito](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mockito-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=mockito&logoColor=4CAF50)
![xUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/xUnit-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=xunit&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Moq](https://img.shields.io/badge/Moq-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=moq&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=trello&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Scrum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scrum-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=scrumalliance&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Kanban](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kanban-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=kanban&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=4CAF50)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=4CAF50)

### 🍃 **APIs**

![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-003300?style=for-the-badge&logo=api&logoColor=4CAF50)

</div>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=rect&color=003300&height=2"/>

<br>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/status.gif" width="300px" />
</p>

<br>

<div align="center">
  <img 
    src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Steph7478&hide_border=true&background=0d1117&ring=00FF00&fire=00FF00&currStreakLabel=00FF00&currStreakNum=00FF00&sideLabels=00FF00&dates=00FF00&sideNums=00FF00" 
    width="440px" 
    alt="GitHub Streak"
  />
</div>

<br>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Steph7478/Steph7478/main/.github/wakatime.png" width="700px" />
</p>


[![Steph7478's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Steph7478&bg_color=0d1117&color=00ff41&line=00ff41&point=00ff41&area=true&area_color=00ff41&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)

<br>

<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=008000&height=120&section=footer" />
